For my final project, I want to showcase a few things that are important to me when it comes to art. I have always loved creating art on paper. A lot of my pieces are eclectic and spunky. When I started coding, I had no idea that you could make it artistic. I was expecting many green numbers and symbols on a black background. Since this class is wrapping up shortly, I thought it would be fun for a final project to show what my art usually looks like in person and try to recreate it digitally. I have never attempted this before, and I expect to use many outside tools to complete this project. Essentially, I want to see if I can execute a complex, eclectic visual that I think represents me as a person. I want to include my current favorite song, “How to Fly”, by Sticky Fingers, while I have my art moving around. I aim to include many of my favorite colors, like green, pink, and purple. Most of the shapes will be challenging because I tend to doodle a lot, and that may be difficult to represent through a screen. Another element I have learned in the last two homework assignments is movement, which I want to include in the final project as well. For the most part, I want the majority of the screen covered. Overall, I want to create a final project that represents where I am in life. Most of my art is representative of how I am feeling and can be hard to pinpoint in style, other than eclectic. I am excited to execute this final project and hope to bring to life my typical art style on a digital platform. I will include an image of my art style on GitHub for a reference. 
